Benchmark Dataset Format:

cspace_files: 300 .npy files named "cspace_i.npy" for i = 0, 1, ..., 299.
The C-space files contain 30x30 occupancy grids representing Jackal's
C-space. 1 indicates a filled cell and 0 indicates a free cell.

grid_files: 300 .npy files named "grid_i.npy" for i = 0, 1, ..., 299.
The grid files contain 30x30 occupancy grids generated by cellular 
automaton. 1 indicates a filled cell and 0 indicates a free cell.

map_files: 300 .yaml files named "yaml_i.yaml" and 300 .pgm files 
named "map_pgm_i.pgm" for i = 0, 1, ... 299 to use with ROS map server.

metrics_files: 300 .npy files named "metrics_i.npy" for i = 0, 1, ...,
299 that contain a list of the calculated metrics for each world, in
this order: Distance to Closest Obstacle, Average Visibility, Dispersion,
Characteristic Dimension, and Tortuosity. 

norm_metrics_files: 300 .npy files named "norm_metrics_i.npy" for i = 
0, 1, ..., 299 that contain a list of the calculated metrics for each 
world, normalized by the mean and standard deviation for each metric. 
Metrics are in this order: Distance to Closest Obstacle, Average 
Visibility, Dispersion, Characteristic Dimension, and Tortuosity.

path_files: 300 .npy files named "path_i.npy" for i = 0, 1, ..., 299.
These files contain the path for each world, where a path is
represented by a list of points. Points are represented by (row, column).

world_files: 300 .world files named "world_i.world" for i = 0, 1, ...,299. 
The world files are for running simulations in Gazebo.